But you have to do me a favor or something?
You have to help me keep an eye on Li Xiaofeng
There's something wrong with that lady
How do you know her name?
How many times does this cycle
I would have found out a long time ago
I can help you with this
But after the next cycle
You'd better drive two more cars over here
Follow the bus
I want to know when the bus exploded
There's no one around
if you don't help this
After the car exploded
If you are late, the cycle will come back.
we want to cooperate
Find the loop
This way everyone can get out of the cycle.
That's good
I'll open both sides and collect them.
Then it's settled
We're going to visit Shifa Land